feat: add `stats/base/ndarray/dmskmaxabs` (#9962)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/ndarray/dmskmaxabs/README.md

WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# dmskmaxabs

> Calculate the maximum absolute value of a one-dimensional double-precision floating-point ndarray according to a mask.

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var dmskmaxabs = require( '@stdlib/stats/base/ndarray/dmskmaxabs' );
```

#### dmskmaxabs( arrays )

Computes the maximum absolute value of a one-dimensional double-precision floating-point ndarray according to a mask.

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );
var Uint8Array = require( '@stdlib/array/uint8' );
var ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/base/ctor' );

var xbuf = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, -5.0, 4.0, 2.0 ] );
var x = new ndarray( 'float64', xbuf, [ 4 ], [ 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );

var maskbuf = new Uint8Array( [ 0, 0, 1, 0 ] );
var mask = new ndarray( 'uint8', maskbuf, [ 4 ], [ 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );

var v = dmskmaxabs( [ x, mask ] );
// returns 5.0
```

The function has the following parameters:

> -   **arrays**: array-like object containing an input ndarray and a mask ndarray.

Reviewer: Missing "one-dimensional" qualifier. Should match the convention used in sibling packages (e.g., `dmskmax`, `dmskmin`):

```suggestion
-   **arrays**: array-like object containing a one-dimensional input ndarray and a one-dimensional mask ndarray.
```

See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# dmskmaxabs

> Calculate the maximum absolute value of a one-dimensional double-precision floating-point ndarray according to a mask.

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var dmskmaxabs = require( '@stdlib/stats/base/ndarray/dmskmaxabs' );
```

#### dmskmaxabs( arrays )

Computes the maximum absolute value of a one-dimensional double-precision floating-point ndarray according to a mask.

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );
var Uint8Array = require( '@stdlib/array/uint8' );
var ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/base/ctor' );

var xbuf = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, -5.0, 4.0, 2.0 ] );
var x = new ndarray( 'float64', xbuf, [ 4 ], [ 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );

var maskbuf = new Uint8Array( [ 0, 0, 1, 0 ] );
var mask = new ndarray( 'uint8', maskbuf, [ 4 ], [ 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );

var v = dmskmaxabs( [ x, mask ] );
// returns 5.0
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **arrays**: array-like object containing an input ndarray and a mask ndarray.

> If a `mask` array element is `0`, the corresponding element in the input ndarray is considered valid and **included** in computation. If a `mask` array element is `1`, the corresponding element in the input ndarray is considered invalid/missing and **excluded** from computation.

Reviewer 2: @Sachinn-64 Made some recent changes in other similar packages. Namely moving this to notes and updating L60.
